It must be that there are more beautiful things
than what you’re not able to forget
Just forgetting everything
is not beautiful
It must be that life isn’t
all about its sad times
Yet it will always
be compared with joy
Ship, oh ship, you never got taken away
midst the rough waves
The time I spent in my youth with you
is rooted deep within the water, but
that anchor needed
to be lifted when the time came for us
to part
I fold my fingers counting my wounds
and the pain I went through
The one pinky left standing
must be from my affection for you
There will be painful times,
and some are your fault
Yet your red string of fate
is entangled somewhere, isn’t it?
Music: Nanahoshi Kangen Gakudan
Illust: Ano Hinano
It must not be that you fear
only the things that are still yet unknown
You don’t envy
only the things you can’t reach
It must be that being kind
is not the only way to be kind
Yet being unembellished
feels a little unpleasant
Wings, oh wings, wishing to reach the standards,
and getting held back by the crowds
Everyone aimed to get to that place
during our youthful days that still had conflicts
This fever distances me
from the innocent
days
Fixing my hair length,
re-painting the tips of my nails
Making even my innocent lips
seem lit up
Some wishes will come true,
there will also be people whose wishes don’t come true
That must be why
I can’t help but console
Wings, oh flowers,
scatter on the surface of the water
Vocals/Mix: Wolpis Carter
Mastering: SILVANA
I fold my fingers counting my wounds
and the pain I went through
The one pinky left standing
must be from my affection for you
There will be times I’ll curse,
and some are my fault
I’ll someday manage to cut away
this red string of fate
Give whispers to the petals
and a kiss out of pity
Only when you’re able to look back on something
as a nostalgic memory, do you finally get over it
There will be confusing times,
but that’s not anyone’s fault
It’s quite a difficult task
to love someone isn’t it
Translation: Kagamine_Neko